org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractSupertypeTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/MoveMembersTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/PullUpTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/PushDownTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RefactoringTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameNonPrivateFieldTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenamePackageTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameResourceChangeTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameSourceFolderChangeTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameStaticMethodTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RippleMethodFinderTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/CopyResourcesToClipboardActionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/CopyTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/CopyToClipboardActionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/DeleteTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/MoveTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/MultiMoveTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/PasteActionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/extensions/ExtensionPointTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/JavaProjectHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/JavaProjectHelper.java
