org.eclipse.jdt.astview/.classpath
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/build.properties
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/pom.xml
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/TreeInfoCollector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/ASTView.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/ASTViewContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/ASTViewLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/Binding.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/BindingProperty.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/CommentsProperty.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/DynamicAttributeProperty.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/DynamicBindingProperty.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/Error.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/GeneralAttribute.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/JavaElement.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/NodeProperty.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/NonRelevantFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/ProblemNode.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/ProblemsProperty.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/SettingsProperty.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/TrayContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/TrayLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/TreeCopyAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.astview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/astview/views/WellKnownTypesProperty.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/.classpath
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/common/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/core/manipulation/JavaElementPropertyTester.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/common/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/core/manipulation/JavaManipulationPlugin.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/pom.xml
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/CompilationUnitChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/IJavaRefactorings.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/RenameTypeArguments.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/UndoCompilationUnitChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/ChangeMethodSignatureDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/ConvertAnonymousDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/ConvertLocalVariableDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/ConvertMemberTypeDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/CopyDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/DeleteDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/EncapsulateFieldDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/ExtractClassDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/ExtractConstantDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/ExtractInterfaceDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/ExtractLocalDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/ExtractMethodDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/ExtractSuperclassDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/GeneralizeTypeDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/InferTypeArgumentsDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/InlineConstantDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/InlineLocalVariableDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/InlineMethodDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/IntroduceFactoryDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/IntroduceIndirectionDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/IntroduceParameterDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/IntroduceParameterObjectDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/JavaRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/JavaRefactoringDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/MoveDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/MoveMethodDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/MoveStaticMembersDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/PullUpDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/PushDownDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/RenameJavaElementDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/RenameLocalVariableDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/RenameResourceDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/descriptors/UseSupertypeDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/participants/ChangeMethodSignatureArguments.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/core/refactoring/participants/ChangeMethodSignatureParticipant.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/core/refactoring/descriptors/JavaRefactoringDescriptorUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/core/refactoring/descriptors/RefactoringSignatureDescriptorFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.core.manipulation/refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/core/refactoring/descriptors/RenameResourceRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/.classpath
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/pom.xml
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/EditorUtility.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/properties/ClasspathEntryProperties.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/properties/JarEntryResourceProperties.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/properties/JavaElementProperties.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/properties/MarkerProperties.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/properties/MemberValuePairProperties.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/properties/ResourceProperties.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/views/JEClasspathEntry.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/views/JEJarEntryResource.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/views/JEResource.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/views/JEViewContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/views/JavaElement.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/views/JavaElementView.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/views/Mapper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.jeview/src/org/eclipse/jdt/jeview/views/TreeCopyAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/.classpath
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/pom.xml
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/JUnitCorePlugin.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/JUnitPreferencesConstants.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/JUnitPropertyTester.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/JunitPreferenceInitializer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/buildpath/BuildPathSupport.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/buildpath/JUnitContainerInitializer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/buildpath/JUnitHomeInitializer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/launcher/ContainerComparator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/launcher/ITestFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/launcher/ITestKind.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/launcher/JUnit3TestFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/launcher/JUnit4TestFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/launcher/JUnitMigrationDelegate.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/launcher/JUnitRuntimeClasspathEntry.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/launcher/TestKind.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/launcher/TestKindRegistry.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/model/JUnitModel.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/model/RemoteTestRunnerClient.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/model/TestCaseElement.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/model/TestElement.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/model/TestRoot.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/model/TestRunHandler.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/model/TestRunListenerAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/model/TestRunSession.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/model/TestRunSessionSerializer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/model/TestSuiteElement.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/util/CoreTestSearchEngine.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/ITestRunListener.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/JUnitCore.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/launcher/JUnitLaunchConfigurationDelegate.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.core/src/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/model/ITestElement.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.runtime/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.runtime/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.runtime/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.runtime/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.runtime/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/runner/DefaultClassifier.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.runtime/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/runner/RemoteTestRunner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.runtime/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/runner/junit3/JUnit3TestLoader.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit.runtime/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/runner/junit3/JUnit3TestReference.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/.classpath
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/internal compatibility/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/launcher/TestSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/pom.xml
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/buildpath/ClasspathVariableMarkerResolutionGenerator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/buildpath/JUnitContainerWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/launcher/JUnitTabGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/launcher/LaunchErrorStatusHandler.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/refactoring/JUnitRenameParticipant.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/refactoring/LaunchConfigChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/CompareResultDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/CompareResultsAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/CounterPanel.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/FailureTableDisplay.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/FailureTrace.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/GotoReferencedTestAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/JUnitAddLibraryProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/JUnitClasspathFixProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/JUnitPlugin.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/JUnitPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/JUnitProgressBar.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/JUnitQuickFixProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/JUnitViewEditorLauncher.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/OpenEditorAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/OpenTestAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/TestMethodSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/TestRunnerViewPart.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/TestSessionLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/TestSessionTableContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/TestSessionTreeContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/ui/TestViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/util/CheckedTableSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/util/JUnitStatus.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/util/Resources.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/util/TestSearchEngine.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/wizards/JUnitWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/wizards/MethodStubsSelectionButtonGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/wizards/NewTestCaseCreationWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/wizards/NewTestSuiteCreationWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/wizards/SuiteClassesContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/junit/wizards/UpdateTestSuite.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/launcher/JUnitLaunchConfigurationTab.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/launcher/JUnitLaunchShortcut.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/wizards/NewTestCaseWizardPageOne.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/wizards/NewTestCaseWizardPageTwo.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit/src/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/wizards/NewTestSuiteWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.junit4.runtime/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit4.runtime/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit4.runtime/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.junit4.runtime/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/.classpath
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/pom.xml
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/AbstractForLoopJavaContextTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/AbstractSemanticHighlightingTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/AutoboxingSemanticHighlightingTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/BracketInserterTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/BreakContinueTargetFinderTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/CompilationUnitDocumentProviderTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/IndentActionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JUnitProjectTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JavaAutoIndentStrategyTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JavaBreakIteratorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JavaColoringTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JavaDoc2HTMLTextReaderTester.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JavaDoubleClickSelectorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JavaElementPrefixPatternMatcherTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JavaHeuristicScannerTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JavaModelOpCompundUndoTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JavaPairMatcherTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JavaParameterListValidatorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JavaPartitionerExtensionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JavaPartitionerTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/JavaWordIteratorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/MarkOccurrenceTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/MarkOccurrenceTest17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/MarkOccurrenceTest18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/OverrideIndicatorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/PartitionTokenScannerTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/PluginsNotLoadedTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/PropertiesFileAutoEditStrategyTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/PropertiesFilePartitionerTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/SemanticHighlightingTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/AbstractCompletionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/CamelCaseCompletionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/CodeCompletionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/CodeCompletionTest18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/ContentAssistHistoryTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/JavadocCompletionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/MethodInsertCompletionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/MethodInsertionFormattedCompletionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/MethodOverwriteCompletionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/MethodParameterGuessingCompletionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/MethodParamsCompletionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/SpecialMethodsCompletionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/TypeCompletionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/contentassist/TypeCompletionTest17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/AbstractDocumentLineDifferTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/AbstractDocumentPerformanceTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/AbstractJavaReplaceAllTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/AbstractScrollAnnotatedJavaEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ActivateEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ActivateJavaEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ActivateTextEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/AllPerformanceTestSuite.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/CodeCompletionPerformanceTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ContentTypeTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ConvertLineDelimitersProjectTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/DebuggingPerformanceTestSuite.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/DifferenceMeter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/DisableAutoBuildTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/DisplayHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/DisplayWaiter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/DocumentLineDifferInitializationTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/DocumentLineDifferModificationTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/DocumentPerformanceTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/EditorTestHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/FileBufferPerformanceTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/FileTool.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/GapTextStorePerformanceTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/InvocationCountExampleTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/InvocationCountPerformanceMeter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/JavaDocIndentStrategyTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/JavaExpandSelectionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/JavaFormatterProjectTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/JavaFormatterTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/JavaIndenterTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/JavaMoveLineTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/JavaNonInitialTypingTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/JavaReplaceAllTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/JavaReplaceAllWithQuickDiffTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/JavaSmartPasteTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/JavaTypingInvocationCountTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/KeyboardProbe.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/LineTrackerPerformanceTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/MouseScrollEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/MouseScrollJavaEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/MouseScrollTextEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/MoveLineTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/NonInitialTypingTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/OpenEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/OpenJavaContentAssistTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/OpenJavaEditorInvocationCountTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/OpenJavaEditorStartupTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/OpenJavaEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/OpenPreferencePageTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/OpenQuickControlTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/OpenQuickOutlineTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/OpenTextEditorStartupTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/OpenTextEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/PerfTestSuite.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/PerformanceTestCase2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/PerformanceTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/QuickDiffInvocationCountTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ResourceTestHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/RevertEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/RevertJavaEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/RevertTextEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/SWTEventHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/SaveEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/SaveJavaEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/SaveTextEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ScrollAnnotatedJavaEditorInvocationCountTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ScrollAnnotatedJavaEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ScrollEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ScrollJavaEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ScrollTextEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ScrollVerticalRuler1000Test.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ScrollVerticalRuler100Test.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ScrollVerticalRuler5000Test.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ScrollVerticalRulerTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/SpellCheckingTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/SynchronizedLineDifferInitializationTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/TextEditorTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/TextMoveLineTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/TextNonInitialTypingTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/TextPerformanceTestCase.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/TextPerformanceTestCase2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/TextPluginTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/TextStorePerformanceTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/TextTypingInvocationCountTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/ToggleCommentTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/TypingInvocationCountTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/UndoEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/UndoJavaEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/UndoTextEditorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/WhitespaceCharacterPainterTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/performance/WordRulePerformanceTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/spelling/SpellCheckEngineTestCase.java
org.eclipse.jdt.text.tests/src/org/eclipse/jdt/text/tests/templates/TemplateContributionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.examples.javafamily/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.examples.javafamily/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.examples.javafamily/src/org/eclipse/jsp/JavaFamilyExamplePreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.examples.javafamily/src/org/eclipse/jsp/JspTypeQuery.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.examples.javafamily/src/org/eclipse/jsp/RenameTypeParticipant.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.examples.javafamily/src/org/eclipse/jsp/launching/ToggleJspBreakpointAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.examples.javafamily/src/org/eclipse/jsp/launching/ToggleJspBreakpointRulerActionDelegate.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.examples.javafamily/src/org/eclipse/jsp/launching/TomcatTabGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.examples.projects/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.examples.projects/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.examples.projects/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/exampleprojects/ExampleProjectCreationWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/.classpath
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/pom.xml
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/AbstractSelectionTestCase.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/AllChangeTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/AllRefactoringTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/AllTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/BinaryReferencesTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/BinaryReferencesTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ChangeSignatureTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ChangeSignatureTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ChangeTypeRefactoringTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ChangeTypeRefactoringTests17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ConvertAnonymousToNestedTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/CopyPackageChangeTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/DelegateCreatorTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/DocumentChangeTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractClassTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractConstantTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractConstantTests17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractInterfaceTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractInterfaceTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractMethodTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractMethodTestSetup17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractMethodTestSetup18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractMethodTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractMethodTests17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractMethodTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractSupertypeTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractTempTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractTempTests17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ExtractTempTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/InferTypeArgumentsTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/InlineConstantTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/InlineConstantTests17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/InlineConstantTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/InlineMethodTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/InlineMethodTestSetup18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/InlineMethodTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/InlineTempTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/InlineTempTests17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/InlineTempTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/IntroduceFactoryTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/IntroduceIndirectionTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/IntroduceIndirectionTests17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/IntroduceIndirectionTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/IntroduceParameterObjectTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/IntroduceParameterTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/IntroduceParameterTests17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/Java15Setup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/Java16Setup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/Java17Setup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/LineColumnSelectionTestCase.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/MoveInnerToTopLevelTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/MoveInstanceMethodTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/MoveInstanceMethodTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/MoveMembersTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/MoveMembersTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/NullRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ParticipantTesting.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/PathTransformationTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/PromoteTempToFieldTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/PromoteTempToFieldTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/PullUpTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/PullUpTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/PushDownTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RefactoringScannerTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RefactoringTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RefactoringTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameFieldTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameJavaProjectTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameMethodInInterfaceTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameMethodTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameNonPrivateFieldTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenamePackageTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameParametersTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenamePrivateFieldTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenamePrivateMethodTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameResourceChangeTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameSourceFolderChangeTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameStaticMethodTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameTempTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameTypeParameterTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameTypeTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RenameVirtualMethodInClassTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ReplaceInvocationsTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RewriteMethodInvocationsTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/RippleMethodFinderTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/SefTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/SefTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/SurroundWithTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/SurroundWithTestSetup17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/SurroundWithTestSetup18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/SurroundWithTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/SurroundWithTests17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/SurroundWithTests18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/TestChangeMethodSignaturParticipant.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/TestCopyParticipantShared.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/TestCopyParticipantSingle.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/TestCreateParticipantShared.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/TestCreateParticipantSingle.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/TestDeleteParticipantShared.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/TestDeleteParticipantSingle.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/TestModelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/TestMoveParticipantShared.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/TestMoveParticipantSingle.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/TestRenameParticipantShared.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/TestRenameParticipantSingle.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/UndoManagerTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/UseSupertypeWherePossibleTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ValidateEditTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/actions/GoToNextPreviousMemberActionTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/actions/StructureSelectionActionTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/CopyResourcesToClipboardActionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/CopyTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/CopyToClipboardActionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/DeleteTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/MockReorgQueries.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/MoveTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/MultiMoveTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/ccp/PasteActionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/changes/TextDiffContentTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/changes/TrackPositionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/extensions/ExtensionPointTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/infra/AbstractRefactoringTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/infra/DebugUtils.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/infra/MockClipboard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/infra/MockWorkbenchSite.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/infra/RefactoringHeapTestCase.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/infra/RefactoringTestRepositoryProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/infra/SWTProjectTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/infra/SimpleSelectionProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/infra/ZipTools.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/nls/NLSElementTester.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/nls/NLSHintHelperTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/nls/NLSHintTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/nls/NLSHolderTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/nls/NLSSourceModifierTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/nls/NlsRefactoringCheckFinalConditionsTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/nls/NlsRefactoringCheckInitialConditionsTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/nls/NlsRefactoringCreateChangeTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/nls/NlsRefactoringTestHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/reorg/AbstractMoveCompilationUnitPrefTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/reorg/AbstractMoveStaticMemberPrefTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/reorg/AbstractRenameMethodPerfTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/reorg/AbstractRenamePackagePerfTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/reorg/AbstractRenameTypePerfTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/reorg/IntroduceIndirectionPerfAcceptanceTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/reorg/MoveCompilationUnitPerfTests1.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/reorg/RenameMethodWithOverloadPerfTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/reorg/RenameTypePerfAcceptanceTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/reorg/RenameTypePerfTests1.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/reorg/RepeatingRefactoringPerformanceTestCase.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/type/ExtractInterfaceHeapAcceptanceTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/type/ExtractInterfacePerfAcceptanceTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/typeconstraints/TypeConstraintTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests.refactoring/test cases/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/refactoring/typeconstraints/TypeEnvironmentTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/.classpath
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/chkpii/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/chkpii/ChkpiiTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/chkpii/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/chkpii/HTMLTidyTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/ASTRewriteSnippet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/AddJavaNatureAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/AddTestMarkersAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/CheckBoxExample.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/DialogFieldExample.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/JavaElementDecorator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/JavaElementLightweightDecorator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/MultiElementListSelectorExample.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/MyClasspathContainerInitializer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/MyClasspathContainerPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/MyJavadocExportWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/MyProjectCreationWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/MyProjectCreationWizard2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/MyQuickAssistProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/MyQuickFixProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/MyRenameTypeParticipant.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/TabExample.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/TestMoveDescriptorAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/TreeListDialogFieldExample.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/TwoPaneElementSelectorExample.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/filters/AFileFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/examples/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/examples/filters/PureProjectFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/leaktest/InstancesOfTypeCollector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/leaktest/LeakTestCase.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/leaktest/LeakTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/leaktest/ReferenceInfo.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/leaktest/example/LeakTestExample.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/leaktest/reftracker/ReferenceTracker.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/leaktest/reftracker/ReferenceVisitor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/leaktest/reftracker/ReferencedArrayElement.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/leaktest/reftracker/ReferencedFieldElement.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/leaktest/reftracker/RootReference.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/leaks/JavaLeakTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/leaks/JavaLeakTestActionDelegate.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/leaks/TextViewerUndoManagerLeakTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/leaks/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/leaks/UndoManagerLeakTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/performance/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/performance/FileTool.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/performance/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/performance/views/Accessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/performance/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/performance/views/CleanUpPerfTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/performance/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/performance/views/MockupPackageExplorerPart.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/performance/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/performance/views/OpenTypePerfTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/performance/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/performance/views/OrganizeImportsPerfTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/performance/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/performance/views/PackageExplorerColdPerfTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/performance/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/performance/views/PackageExplorerPerfTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/performance/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/performance/views/PackageExplorerWorkspacePerfTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/performance/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/performance/views/PackageExplorerWorkspaceWarmPerfTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/performance/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/performance/views/TypeHierarchyPerfTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/pom.xml
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/JavaProjectHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/StringAsserts.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/TestOptions.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/TestOptionsSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/test/HelloWorld.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/test/JavaTestCase.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/util/AccessibilityTestPass.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/util/DisplayHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/util/FailureDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/util/FocusTestPass.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/util/IDialogTestPass.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/util/SizingTestPass.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/test plugin/org/eclipse/jdt/testplugin/util/VerifyDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/AbstractTestRunListenerTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/AbstractTestRunSessionSerializationTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/JUnit3TestFinderTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/JUnit4TestFinderTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/JUnitJUnitTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/JUnitWorkspaceTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/LegacyTestRunListener.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/LegacyTestRunListenerTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/TestPriorization.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/TestRunListeners.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/TestRunSessionSerializationTests4.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/TestTestSearchEngine.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/WrappingSystemTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/junit/tests/WrappingUnitTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/browsing/MockPluginView.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/browsing/PackagesViewContentProviderTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/browsing/PackagesViewContentProviderTests2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/browsing/PackagesViewDeltaTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/browsing/TestDelta.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/buildpath/BuildpathModifierActionEnablementTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/buildpath/BuildpathModifierActionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/callhierarchy/CallHierarchyContentProviderTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/callhierarchy/CallHierarchyTestHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/ASTNodesInsertTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/ASTProviderTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/AbstractBindingLabelsTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/AddImportTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/BindingLabels18Test.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/BindingLabelsTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/BindingsNameTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/CallHierarchyTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/ClassPathDetectorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/CodeFormatterTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/CodeFormatterUtilTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/HierarchicalASTVisitorTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/ImportOrganizeTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/ImportOrganizeTest18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/JDTFlagsTest18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/Java17ProjectTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/JavaElementLabelsTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/JavaElementLabelsTest18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/JavaElementPropertyTesterTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/JavaModelUtilTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/MethodOverrideTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/MethodOverrideTest18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/NameProposerTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/OverrideTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/PartialASTTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/ProjectTestSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/ScopeAnalyzerTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/SelectionHistoryTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/TemplateStoreTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/TypeHierarchyTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/TypeInfoTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/TypeRulesTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/source/AddUnimplementedConstructorsTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/source/AddUnimplementedMethodsTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/source/GenerateConstructorUsingFieldsTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/source/GenerateDelegateMethodsTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/source/GenerateGettersSettersTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/source/GenerateHashCodeEqualsTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/source/GenerateToStringTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/core/source/SourceTestCase.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/dialogs/DialogsTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/jarexport/FatJarExportTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/jarexport/PlainJarExportTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/model/ContentProviderTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/model/MockPluginView.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/packageview/ContentProviderTests1.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/packageview/ContentProviderTests2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/packageview/ContentProviderTests3.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/packageview/ContentProviderTests4.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/packageview/ContentProviderTests5.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/packageview/HierarchicalContentProviderTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/packageview/MockPluginView.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/packageview/PackageExplorerShowInTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/packageview/TestDelta.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/packageview/WorkingSetDropAdapterTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/preferences/OptionsConfigurationBlockTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/AbstractAnnotateAssistTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/AdvancedQuickAssistTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/AdvancedQuickAssistTest17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/AdvancedQuickAssistTest18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/AnnotateAssistTest15.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/AnnotateAssistTest18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/AssistQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/AssistQuickFixTest17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/AssistQuickFixTest18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/ChangeNonStaticToStaticTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/CleanUpActionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/CleanUpAnnotationTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/CleanUpStressTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/CleanUpTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/CleanUpTest18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/CleanUpTestCase.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/ContributedQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/ConvertForLoopQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/ConvertIterableLoopQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/GetterSetterQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/JarUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/JavadocQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/LocalCorrectionsQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/LocalCorrectionsQuickFixTest17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/LocalCorrectionsQuickFixTest18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/MarkerResolutionGenerator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/MarkerResolutionTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/ModifierCorrectionsQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/ModifierCorrectionsQuickFixTest17.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/NullAnnotationsQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/PropertiesFileQuickAssistTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/QuickFixEnablementTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/QuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/QuickFixTest18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/ReorgQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/ReturnTypeQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/SaveParticipantTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/SerialVersionQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/SurroundWithTemplateTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/TypeMismatchQuickFixTests.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/TypeParameterMismatchTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/UnresolvedMethodsQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/UnresolvedMethodsQuickFixTest18.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/UnresolvedTypesQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/UnresolvedVariablesQuickFixTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/quickfix/UtilitiesTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/search/FileAdapterTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/search/JUnitSourceSetup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/search/NLSSearchTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/search/ParticipantTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/search/SearchLeakTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/search/SearchLeakTestWrapper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/search/TestParticipant.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/search/TreeContentProviderTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/search/TreeContentProviderTestWrapper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/search/WorkspaceReferenceTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/search/WorkspaceScopeTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/ui/internal/compatibility/InternalsNotRemovedTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/wizardapi/NewJavaProjectWizardTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.tests/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/tests/wizardapi/NewTypeWizardTest.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/.classpath
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/buildpath/BuildpathDelta.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/buildpath/CPJavaProject.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/buildpath/ClasspathModifier.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/callhierarchy/CallHierarchy.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/callhierarchy/CallLocation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/callhierarchy/CallSearchResultCollector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/callhierarchy/CalleeAnalyzerVisitor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/callhierarchy/CalleeMethodWrapper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/callhierarchy/CallerMethodWrapper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/callhierarchy/Implementors.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/callhierarchy/JavaImplementorFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/callhierarchy/MethodCall.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/callhierarchy/MethodReferencesSearchRequestor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/callhierarchy/MethodWrapper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/callhierarchy/RealCallers.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/AddCustomConstructorOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/AddDelegateMethodsOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/AddGetterSetterOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/AddImportsOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/AddJavaDocStubOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/AddUnimplementedConstructorsOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/AddUnimplementedMethodsOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/ContextSensitiveImportRewriteContext.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/GenerateHashCodeEqualsOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/ImportReferencesCollector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/OrganizeImportsOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/SortMembersOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/StubUtility.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/StubUtility2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/tostringgeneration/AbstractToStringGenerator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/tostringgeneration/CustomBuilderGenerator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/tostringgeneration/GenerateToStringOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/tostringgeneration/StringFormatGenerator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/codemanipulation/tostringgeneration/ToStringTemplateParser.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/ASTBatchParser.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/ASTFlattener.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/ASTNodeFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/ASTNodes.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/Bindings.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/CodeScopeBuilder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/DimensionRewrite.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/LinkedNodeFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/ModifierRewrite.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/ScopeAnalyzer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/SelectionAnalyzer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/VariableDeclarationRewrite.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/fragments/ASTMatchingFragmentFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/fragments/AssociativeInfixExpressionFragment.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/fragments/SimpleExpressionFragment.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/fragments/SimpleFragment.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/AbstractFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/AbstractSerialVersionOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/AddUnimplementedMethodsOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/CleanUpConstants.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/CleanUpPostSaveListener.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/CleanUpPreferenceUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/CleanUpRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/CleanUpRegistry.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/CodeFormatFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/CodeStyleFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/CompilationUnitRewriteOperationsFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/ControlStatementsFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/ConvertForLoopOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/ConvertIterableLoopOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/ConvertLoopFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/ConvertLoopOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/ExpressionsFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/ExternalNullAnnotationChangeProposals.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/ImportsFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/Java50Fix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/LambdaExpressionsFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/LinkedProposalModel.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/LinkedProposalPositionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/NullAnnotationsFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/PotentialProgrammingProblemsFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/SerialVersionDefaultOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/StringFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/TextEditFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/TypeParametersFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/UnimplementedCodeFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/UnusedCodeFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/fix/VariableDeclarationFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/javadoc/JavaDocLocations.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/AbstractVariableResolver.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/CodeTemplateContext.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/CodeTemplateContextType.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/CodeTemplates.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/CompilationUnitCompletion.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/CompilationUnitContextType.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/ExclusivePositionUpdater.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/FieldResolver.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/ImportsResolver.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/JavaContext.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/JavaContextType.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/JavaFormatter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/LinkResolver.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/LocalVarResolver.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/NameResolver.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/SWTContextType.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/StaticImportResolver.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/TemplateSet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/Templates.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/TypeResolver.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/template/java/VarResolver.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/util/DelegateEntryComparator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/util/History.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/util/JavaElementResourceMapping.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/util/JavaModelUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/util/MethodOverrideTester.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/util/MethodsSourcePositionComparator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/util/OpenTypeHistory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/util/QualifiedTypeNameHistory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/util/Resources.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/util/SuperTypeHierarchyCache.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/util/TypeFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/util/TypeInfoRequestorAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core extension/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/util/TypeNameMatchCollector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/Checks.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/CollectingSearchRequestor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/CuCollectingSearchRequestor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/JDTRefactoringDescriptorComment.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/JavaRefactoringArguments.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/RefactoringAvailabilityTester.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/RefactoringExecutionStarter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/RefactoringScopeFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/RefactoringSearchEngine.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/RefactoringSearchEngine2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/SearchResultGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/TypeContextChecker.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/TypedSource.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/base/JavaStatusContext.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/base/JavaStringStatusContext.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/base/ReferencesInBinaryContext.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/binary/AbstractCodeCreationOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/binary/StubCreationOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/binary/StubCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/ClasspathChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/CompilationUnitReorgChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/CopyResourceChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/CreatePackageChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/DeletePackageFragmentRootChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/DeleteSourceManipulationChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/DynamicValidationRefactoringChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/DynamicValidationStateChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/MoveCompilationUnitChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/MultiStateCompilationUnitChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/PackageFragmentRootReorgChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/PackageReorgChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/RenamePackageChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/WorkspaceTracker.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/AstMatchingNodeFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/CallInliner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/ConvertAnonymousToNestedRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/ExtractConstantRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/ExtractMethodAnalyzer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/ExtractMethodRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/ExtractTempRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/InlineConstantRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/InlineMethodRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/InlineTempRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/IntroduceFactoryRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/IntroduceIndirectionRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/IntroduceParameterRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/LocalTypeAnalyzer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/NameCollector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/ParameterData.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/PromoteTempToFieldRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/ReplaceInvocationsRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/SnippetFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/SourceAnalyzer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/SourceProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/TargetProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/flow/BranchFlowInfo.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/flow/FlowAnalyzer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/flow/FlowContext.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/code/flow/FlowInfo.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/delegates/DelegateCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/delegates/DelegateMethodCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/generics/ElementStructureEnvironment.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/generics/InferTypeArgumentsConstraintCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/generics/InferTypeArgumentsConstraintsSolver.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/generics/InferTypeArgumentsRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/generics/InferTypeArgumentsTCModel.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/generics/InferTypeArgumentsUpdate.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/generics/ParametricStructureComputer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/nls/AccessorClassCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/nls/AccessorClassModifier.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/nls/NLSAccessorFieldRenameParticipant.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/nls/NLSElement.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/nls/NLSHint.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/nls/NLSHintHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/nls/NLSLine.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/nls/NLSPropertyFileModifier.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/nls/NLSRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/nls/NLSScanner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/nls/NLSUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/nls/PropertyFileDocumentModel.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/participants/JavaProcessors.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/participants/RefactoringProcessors.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/participants/ResourceModifications.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/participants/ResourceProcessors.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/JavaRenameProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RefactoringAnalyzeUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RefactoringHandleTransplanter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RefactoringScanner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenameAnalyzeUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenameCompilationUnitProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenameFieldProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenameJavaProjectProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenameLocalVariableProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenameMethodProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenameModifications.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenameNonVirtualMethodProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenamePackageProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenameSourceFolderProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenameTypeParameterProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenameTypeProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenameVirtualMethodProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RenamingNameSuggestor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/RippleMethodFinder2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/TempOccurrenceAnalyzer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/rename/TextMatchUpdater.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/ASTNodeDeleteUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/CopyModifications.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/CreateCopyOfCompilationUnitChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/CreateTargetExecutionLog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/DeleteChangeCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/DeleteModifications.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/JavaCopyProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/JavaDeleteProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/JavaElementTransfer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/JavaMoveProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/LoggedCreateTargetChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/LoggedCreateTargetQueries.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/LoggedNewNameQueries.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/MonitoringCreateTargetQueries.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/MonitoringNewNameQueries.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/MoveCuUpdateCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/MoveModifications.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/NullReorgQueries.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/OverwriteHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/ParentChecker.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/RefactoringModifications.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/ReorgDestinationFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/ReorgPolicyFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/ReorgUtils.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/reorg/SourceReferenceUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/ChangeMethodSignatureRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/ChangeTypeRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/ConvertAnonymousRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/CopyRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/DeleteRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/ExtractClassContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/ExtractConstantRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/ExtractInterfaceRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/ExtractMethodRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/ExtractSupertypeRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/ExtractTempRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/InferTypeArgumentsRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/InlineConstantRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/InlineMethodRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/InlineTempRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/IntroduceFactoryRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/IntroduceIndirectionRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/IntroduceParameterObjectContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/IntroduceParameterRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/MoveMemberTypeRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/MoveMethodRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/MoveRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/MoveStaticMembersRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/PromoteTempToFieldRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/PullUpRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/PushDownRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/RenameCompilationUnitRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/RenameEnumConstRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/RenameFieldRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/RenameJavaProjectRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/RenameLocalVariableRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/RenameMethodRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/RenamePackageRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/RenameSourceFolderRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/RenameTypeParameterRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/RenameTypeRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/SelfEncapsulateRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/scripting/UseSupertypeRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/sef/AccessAnalyzer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/sef/SelfEncapsulateFieldRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/ASTNodeSearchUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/ChangeSignatureProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/ChangeTypeRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/CompilationUnitRewrite.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/ConstructorReferenceFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/ExtractClassRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/ExtractInterfaceProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/ExtractSupertypeProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/HierarchyProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/ImportRemover.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/ImportRewriteUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/IntroduceParameterObjectProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/MemberCheckUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/MemberVisibilityAdjustor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/MoveInnerToTopRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/MoveInstanceMethodProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/MoveStaticMemberAnalyzer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/MoveStaticMembersProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/ParameterObjectFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/PullUpRefactoringProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/PushDownRefactoringProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/ReferenceFinderUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/TypeVariableUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/UseSuperTypeProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/constraints/ConditionalTypeConstraint.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/constraints/CovariantTypeConstraint.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/constraints/SuperTypeConstraintsCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/constraints/SuperTypeConstraintsModel.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/constraints/SuperTypeConstraintsSolver.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/constraints/SuperTypeRefactoringProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/structure/constraints/SuperTypeSet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/surround/ExceptionAnalyzer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/surround/LocalDeclarationAnalyzer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/surround/SurroundWithTryCatchRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/CompilationUnitRange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/CompositeOrTypeConstraint.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/ConstraintCollector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/ConstraintOperator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/ConstraintVariable.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/ConstraintVariableFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/DeclaringTypeVariable.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/ExpressionVariable.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/FullConstraintCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/ParameterTypeVariable.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/ReturnTypeVariable.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/SimpleTypeConstraint.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/TypeConstraintFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/TypeVariable.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/types/TType.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/types/TypeEnvironment.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/ArraySuperTypeSet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/ArrayTypeSet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/EmptyTypeSet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/EnumeratedTypeSet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/SingletonTypeSet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/SubTypesOfSingleton.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/SubTypesSet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/SuperTypesOfSingleton.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/SuperTypesSet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/TypeSet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/TypeSetEnvironment.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/TypeSetIntersection.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/TypeSetUnion.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints/typesets/TypeUniverseSet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints2/CastVariable2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints2/ITypeSet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints2/ParameterTypeVariable2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints2/ReturnTypeVariable2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints2/SubTypeConstraint2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints2/TTypes.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints2/TypeEquivalenceSet.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints2/TypeVariable2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/typeconstraints2/VariableVariable2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/util/AbstractExceptionAnalyzer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/util/Changes.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/util/JavaElementUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/util/JavadocUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/util/QualifiedNameFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/util/QualifiedNameSearchResult.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/util/ResourceUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/util/SelectionAwareSourceRangeComputer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/util/StatementAnalyzer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/util/TextChangeManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/util/TextEditBasedChangeManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/core refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/util/TightSourceRangeComputer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/internal compatibility/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/SourceRange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/internal compatibility/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/dom/NodeFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/internal compatibility/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/corext/refactoring/changes/CompilationUnitChange.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/internal compatibility/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/TypeInfoViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/internal compatibility/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/TypeSelectionComponent.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/internal compatibility/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/TypeSelectionDialog2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/internal compatibility/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/RefactoringSaveHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/internal compatibility/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/util/PixelConverter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/pom.xml
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ChangeExceptionHandler.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ChangeExceptionsControl.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ChangeParametersControl.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ChangeSignatureWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ChangeTypeContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ChangeTypeWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/CompilationUnitChangeNode.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ConvertAnonymousToNestedWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/CreateTextFileChangePreviewViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/DelegateUIHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ExtractClassWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ExtractConstantWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ExtractInterfaceWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ExtractSupertypeMemberPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ExtractSupertypeMethodPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ExtractSupertypeWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ExtractTempWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/InferTypeArgumentsWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/InlineConstantWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/InputPageUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/IntroduceFactoryInputPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/IntroduceIndirectionInputPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/IntroduceParameterObjectWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/IntroduceParameterWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/JavaStatusContextViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/MessageWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/MoveInnerToTopWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/MoveInstanceMethodWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/MoveMembersWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ParameterEditDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/PromoteTempWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/PullUpMemberPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/PullUpMethodPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/PullUpWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/PushDownWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/QualifiedNameComponent.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/RefactoringAdapterFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/RefactoringExecutionHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/ReferencesInBinaryStatusContextViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/TextInputWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/UseSupertypeWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/UserInterfaceManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/actions/ApplyRefactoringScriptAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/actions/CreateRefactoringScriptAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/actions/InlineConstantAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/actions/MigrateJarFileAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/actions/MoveInstanceMethodAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/actions/MoveStaticMembersAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/actions/ShowRefactoringHistoryAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/binary/BinaryRefactoringHistoryWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/code/ExtractMethodInputPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/code/InlineMethodInputPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/code/ReplaceInvocationsInputPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/contentassist/CUPositionCompletionProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/contentassist/ControlContentAssistHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/contentassist/FieldNameProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/contentassist/JavaPackageCompletionProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/contentassist/JavaPackageFragmentRootCompletionProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/contentassist/JavaSourcePackageFragmentRootCompletionProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/contentassist/VariableNamesProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/AccessorDescription.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/ExternalizeWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/ExternalizeWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/NLSAccessorConfigurationDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/PackageBrowseAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/PackageFragmentSelection.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/PackageSelectionStringButtonAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/RenameKeysDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/SourceFirstPackageSelectionDialogField.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/SourceFolderSelectionDialogButtonField.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/search/CompilationUnitEntry.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/search/FileEntry.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/search/NLSSearchQuery.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/search/NLSSearchResult.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/search/NLSSearchResultLabelProvider2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/search/NLSSearchResultPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/nls/search/NLSSearchResultRequestor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/CopyToClipboardAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/CreateTargetQueries.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/DeleteAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/DeleteWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/DestinationContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/NewNameQueries.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/PasteAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/RenameFieldWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/RenameInformationPopup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/RenameInputWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/RenameLinkedMode.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/RenameMethodUserInterfaceStarter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/RenameRefactoringWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/RenameSelectionState.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/RenameTypeWizardInputPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/RenameTypeWizardSimilarElementsOptionsDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/RenameTypeWizardSimilarElementsPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/RenameUserInterfaceStarter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/ReorgCopyWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/ReorgMessages.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/ReorgMoveWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/ReorgQueries.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/ReorgUserInputPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/reorg/TypedSourceTransfer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui refactoring/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/refactoring/sef/SelfEncapsulateFieldInputPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/AbstractJavaElementLabelDecorator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/BuildpathIndicatorLabelDecorator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/CompatibilityTemplateStore.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/EditorInputAdapterFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/InterfaceIndicatorLabelDecorator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/JarEntryEditorInputFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/JavaElementAdapterFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/JavaElementContainmentAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/JavaElementProperties.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/JavaHierarchyPerspectiveFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/JavaPerspectiveFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/JavaPlugin.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/JavaPluginImages.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/JavaProjectAdapterFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/JavaTaskListAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/JavaUIMessages.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/JavaUIPreferenceInitializer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/JavaWorkbenchAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/LogicalPackageAdapterFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/MarkerAdapterFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/PersistableJavaElementFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/ResourceAdapterFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/ResourceLocator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/SharedImages.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/ActionMessages.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/AddBlockCommentAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/AllCleanUpsAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/CategoryFilterActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/CleanUpAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/ConfigureContainerAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/CopyQualifiedNameAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/ExtractSuperClassAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/FindBrokenNLSKeysAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/FoldingActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/GenerateConstructorUsingFieldsContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/GenerateConstructorUsingFieldsSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/GenerateConstructorUsingFieldsValidator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/GenerateJavadocAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/IndentAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/IntroduceParameterObjectAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/JDTQuickMenuCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/JarImportWizardAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/LexicalSortingAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/MultiFormatAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/MultiOrganizeImportAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/MultiSortMembersAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/NewWizardsActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/OccurrencesSearchMenuAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/OpenBrowserUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/OpenTypeAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/OpenTypeInHierarchyAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/RemoveBlockCommentAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/SelectAllAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/SelectionConverter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/SimpleSelectionProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/SurroundWithActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/SurroundWithTemplateMenuAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/actions/WorkbenchRunnableAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/JavaBrowsingContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/JavaBrowsingPart.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/JavaBrowsingPerspectiveFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/JavaElementTypeComparator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/LogicalPackage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/LogicalPackagesProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/MembersView.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/PackageViewerWrapper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/PackagesView.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/PackagesViewFlatContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/PackagesViewHierarchicalContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/PackagesViewLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/PackagesViewTableViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/PackagesViewTreeViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/ProjectAndSourceFolderContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/ProjectsView.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/TopLevelTypeProblemsLabelDecorator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/browsing/TypesView.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/CallHierarchyContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/CallHierarchyFiltersActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/CallHierarchyImageDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/CallHierarchyLabelDecorator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/CallHierarchyLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/CallHierarchyTransferDropAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/CallHierarchyUI.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/CallHierarchyViewPart.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/DeferredMethodWrapper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/ExpandWithConstructorsConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/ExpandWithConstructorsDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/FiltersDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/HistoryDropDownAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/HistoryListAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/LocationCopyAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/LocationLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/LocationViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/MethodWrapperWorkbenchAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/OpenCallHierarchyAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/OpenLocationAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/RefreshElementAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/SearchInDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/SearchScopeAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/SearchScopeActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/SearchScopeProjectAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/SearchScopeWorkingSetAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/SearchScopeWorkspaceAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/SearchUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/SelectWorkingSetAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/ShowSearchInDialogAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/callhierarchy/TreeRoot.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/commands/OpenElementInEditorHandler.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/commands/ShowElementInPackageViewHandler.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/commands/ShowElementInTypeHierarchyViewHandler.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/CompareDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/EclipsePreferencesAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaCompareAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaCompareUtilities.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaContentViewerCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaElementHistoryPageSource.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaHistoryAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaHistoryActionImpl.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaMergeViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaNode.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaParseTreeBuilder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaStructureCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaStructureDiffViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaStructureDiffViewerCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaTextBufferNode.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaTextViewerCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/JavaTokenComparator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/PropertiesFileMergeViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/PropertiesFileMergeViewerCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/PropertiesFileViewerCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/PropertiesStructureCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/compare/ResizableDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/FilteredTypesSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/GenerateHashCodeEqualsDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/GenerateToStringDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/MultiElementListSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/OpenTypeSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/OverrideMethodDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/PackageSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/SortMembersMessageDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/SourceActionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/StatusInfo.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/TableTextCellEditor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dialogs/TextFieldNavigationHandler.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dnd/BasicSelectionTransferDragAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dnd/EditorInputTransferDragAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dnd/JdtViewerDropAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dnd/ResourceTransferDragAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/dnd/ViewerInputDropAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/filters/ContainedLibraryFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/filters/CustomFiltersDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/filters/EmptyLibraryContainerFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/filters/FilterDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/filters/JavaFileFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/filters/LibraryFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/filters/NamePatternFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/filters/NonJavaElementFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/AbstractCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/AbstractMultiFix.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/CleanUpRefactoringWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/CleanUpSaveParticipantPreferenceConfiguration.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/CleanUpSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/CodeFormatCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/CodeStyleCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/ControlStatementsCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/ConvertLoopCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/ExpressionsCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/ImportsCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/Java50CleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/LambdaExpressionsCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/NullAnnotationsCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/PotentialProgrammingProblemsCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/SortMembersCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/StringCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/TypeParametersCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/UnimplementedCodeCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/UnnecessaryCodeCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/UnusedCodeCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/fix/VariableDeclarationCleanUp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/infoviews/AbstractInfoView.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/infoviews/JavadocView.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/infoviews/SourceView.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarimport/JarImportWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarimport/JarImportWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarimport/RefactoringLocationControl.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/AbstractJarDestinationWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/CheckboxTreeAndListGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/ContainerFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/CreateJarActionDelegate.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/JarBuilder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/JarFileExportOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/JarManifestWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/JarOptionsPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/JarPackageActionDelegate.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/JarPackageReader.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/JarPackageWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/JarPackageWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/JarPackageWriter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/JarPackagerUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/JarRefactoringDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/ManifestProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/OpenJarExportWizardEditorLauncher.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/PlainJarBuilder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackager/SealPackagesFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackagerfat/FatJarAntExporter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackagerfat/FatJarBuilder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackagerfat/FatJarManifestProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackagerfat/FatJarPackageWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackagerfat/FatJarPackageWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackagerfat/FatJarPackagerUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackagerfat/FatJarRsrcUrlBuilder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackagerfat/FatJarRsrcUrlManifestProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackagerfat/UnpackFatJarBuilder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/jarpackagerfat/UnpackJarBuilder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javadocexport/ContributedJavadocWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javadocexport/CreateJavadocActionDelegate.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javadocexport/JavadocConsoleLineTracker.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javadocexport/JavadocMemberContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javadocexport/JavadocOptionsManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javadocexport/JavadocProjectContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javadocexport/JavadocSpecificsWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javadocexport/JavadocStandardWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javadocexport/JavadocTreeWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javadocexport/JavadocWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javadocexport/JavadocWriter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javadocexport/RecentSettingsStore.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/ASTProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/AddImportOnSelectionAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/BasicCompilationUnitEditorActionContributor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/BasicJavaEditorActionContributor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/ClassFileDocumentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/ClassFileEditor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/ClassFileEditorInputFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/ClassFileMarkerAnnotationModel.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/ClipboardOperationAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/CompilationUnitDocumentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/CompilationUnitEditor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/CompoundEditExitStrategy.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/CustomBufferFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/DocumentAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/EditorHighlightingSynchronizer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/EditorUtility.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/ExternalClassFileEditorInput.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/InternalClassFileEditorInput.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JarEntryEditorInput.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaAnnotationImageProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaAnnotationIterator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaDocumentSetupParticipant.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaEditor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaEditorBreadcrumb.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaEditorErrorTickUpdater.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaElementDeclaredTypeHyperlink.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaElementHyperlink.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaElementHyperlinkDeclaredTypeDetector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaElementHyperlinkDetector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaElementHyperlinkReturnTypeDetector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaElementImplementationHyperlink.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaElementReturnTypeHyperlink.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaElementSuperImplementationHyperlink.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaMarkerAnnotation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaMoveLinesAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaOutlinePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaSourceViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/JavaTemplatesPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/NLSKeyHyperlink.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/NLSKeyHyperlinkDetector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/OverrideIndicatorImageProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/OverrideIndicatorManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/SemanticHighlightingManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/SemanticHighlightingPresenter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/SemanticHighlightingReconciler.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/SpecificContentAssistAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/ToggleBreadcrumbAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/ToggleCommentAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/ToggleMarkOccurrencesAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/TogglePresentationAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/ToggleTextHoverAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/WorkingCopyManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/breadcrumb/BreadcrumbItemDetails.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/breadcrumb/BreadcrumbItemDropDown.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/breadcrumb/BreadcrumbViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/breadcrumb/EditorBreadcrumb.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/saveparticipant/AbstractSaveParticipantPreferenceConfiguration.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/saveparticipant/SaveParticipantRegistry.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/selectionactions/GoToNextPreviousMemberAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/selectionactions/SelectionHistory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/javaeditor/selectionactions/StructureSelectHistoryAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/model/JavaModelAdapterFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/model/JavaModelContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/model/JavaModelLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/model/JavaModelMerger.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/model/JavaModelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/model/JavaRefactoringDescriptorResourceMapping.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/model/JavaRefactoringHistoryResourceMapping.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/model/JavaResourceMapping.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/model/JavaSynchronizationCompareAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/model/JavaSynchronizationContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/model/JavaSynchronizationLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/navigator/CommonLayoutActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/navigator/JavaFileLinkHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/navigator/JavaNavigatorContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/navigator/JavaNavigatorLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/navigator/JavaNavigatorViewActionProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/navigator/NonEssentialElementsFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/ClassPathContainer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/DefaultElementComparer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/FileTransferDragAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/FileTransferDropAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/GotoResourceAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/HierarchicalDecorationContext.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/LayoutActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/LibraryContainer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/PackageExplorerActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/PackageExplorerContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/PackageExplorerLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/PackageExplorerPart.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/PackageFragmentRootContainer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/PluginTransferDropAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/SelectionTransferDropAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/WorkingSetAwareContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/packageview/WorkingSetDropAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/AbstractConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/AbstractConfigurationBlockPreferenceAndPropertyPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/AbstractConfigurationBlockPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/AppearancePreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/BuildPathsPropertyPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/BulletListBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/ClasspathContainerPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/ClasspathVariablesPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/CleanUpPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/CodeAssistAdvancedConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/CodeAssistAdvancedPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/CodeAssistFavoritesConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/CodeAssistFavoritesPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/CodeAssistPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/CodeFormatterPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/CodeStylePreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/CodeTemplateBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/CodeTemplatePreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/CodeTemplateSourceViewerConfiguration.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/ComplianceConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/CompliancePreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/EditTemplateDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/FilterTextControl.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/FoldingConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/ImportOrganizeConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/ImportOrganizeInputDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/ImportOrganizePreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/JavaBasePreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/JavaBuildConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/JavaBuildPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/JavaCompilerPropertyPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/JavaEditorAppearanceConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/JavaEditorColoringConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/JavaEditorHoverConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/JavaSourcePreviewerUpdater.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/JavadocConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/JavadocConfigurationPropertyPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/JavadocProblemsPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/MarkOccurrencesConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/MembersOrderPreferenceCache.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/MembersOrderPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/MockupPreferenceStore.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/NameConventionConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/NativeLibrariesConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/NativeLibrariesPropertyPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/NewJavaProjectPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/OptionsConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/OverlayPreferenceStore.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/PreferencesAccess.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/ProblemSeveritiesConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/ProblemSeveritiesPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/ProjectSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/PropertiesFileEditorPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/PropertyAndPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/SaveParticipantConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/SaveParticipantPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/SmartTypingConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/SourceAttachmentPropertyPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/SpellingConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/SpellingPreferenceBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/TodoTaskConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/TodoTaskInputDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/TodoTaskPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/TypeFilterInputDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/TypeFilterPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/UserLibraryPreferencePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/cleanup/AbstractCleanUpTabPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/cleanup/CleanUpConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/cleanup/CleanUpModifyDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/cleanup/CleanUpPreview.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/cleanup/CleanUpProfileManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/cleanup/CleanUpProfileVersioner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/cleanup/CleanUpTabPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/cleanup/CodeFormatingTabPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/cleanup/ContributedCleanUpTabPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/cleanup/DefaultCleanUpOptionsInitializer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/cleanup/SaveActionCleanUpOptionsInitializer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/AlreadyExistsDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/BlankLinesTabPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/BracesTabPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/CodeFormatterConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/CommentsTabPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/CompilationUnitPreview.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/ControlStatementsTabPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/CreateProfileDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/CustomCodeFormatterBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/FormatterProfileManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/FormatterProfileStore.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/IndentationTabPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/JavaPreview.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/LineWrappingTabPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/ModifyDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/ModifyDialogTabPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/OffOnTagsTabPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/ProfileConfigurationBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/ProfileManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/ProfileStore.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/ProfileVersioner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/SnippetPreview.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/WhiteSpaceOptions.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/preferences/formatter/WhiteSpaceTabPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/ArgumentRule.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/EscapeBackslashCompletionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/LeadingWhitespacePredicateRule.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/PropertiesCorrectionAssistant.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/PropertiesCorrectionProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/PropertiesFileAutoEditStrategy.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/PropertiesFileDocumentSetupParticipant.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/PropertiesFileEditor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/PropertiesFileHover.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/PropertiesFilePartitionScanner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/PropertiesFileSourceViewerConfiguration.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/PropertiesQuickAssistProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/PropertyKeyHyperlink.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/PropertyKeyHyperlinkDetector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/propertiesfileeditor/PropertyValueScanner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/AbstractJavaSearchResult.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/BreakContinueTargetFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/ExceptionOccurrencesFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/ImplementOccurrencesFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/JavaMatchFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/JavaSearchContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/JavaSearchPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/JavaSearchPageScoreComputer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/JavaSearchQuery.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/JavaSearchResult.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/JavaSearchResultPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/JavaSearchScopeFactory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/JavaSearchTableContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/LRUWorkingSetsList.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/LevelTreeContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/MatchLocations.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/MethodExitsFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/OccurrencesFinder.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/OccurrencesSearchLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/OccurrencesSearchQuery.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/OccurrencesSearchResult.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/OccurrencesSearchResultPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/OpenJavaSearchPageAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/PostfixLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/SearchLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/SearchParticipantsExtensionPoint.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/SearchResultUpdater.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/SearchUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/SortAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/SortingLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/TextSearchTableContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/search/WorkingSetsComparator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/AbstractInformationControl.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/AbstractJavaScanner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/BufferedDocumentScanner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/CombinedWordRule.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/CompositeReconcilingStrategy.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/DocumentCharacterIterator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/FastJavaPartitionScanner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/JavaChangeHover.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/JavaColorManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/JavaCommentScanner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/JavaElementProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/JavaOutlineInformationControl.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/JavaPairMatcher.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/JavaPartitionScanner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/JavaReconciler.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/JavaWhitespaceDetector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/JavaWordDetector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/LineComparator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/PreferencesAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/SequenceCharacterIterator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/SmartBackspaceManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/TypingRunDetector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/ASTResolving.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/AdvancedQuickAssistProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/AssistContext.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/ClasspathFixProcessorDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/ContributedProcessorDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/CorrectionCommandHandler.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/CorrectionCommandInstaller.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/CorrectionMarkerResolutionGenerator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/DefaultClasspathFixProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/ExternalNullAnnotationQuickAssistProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/GetterSetterCorrectionSubProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/JavaCorrectionAssistant.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/JavaCorrectionProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/JavadocTagsSubProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/LocalCorrectionsSubProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/ModifierCorrectionSubProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/NullAnnotationsCorrectionProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/ProblemLocation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/QuickAssistLightBulbUpdater.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/QuickAssistProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/QuickFixProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/QuickTemplateProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/ReorgCorrectionsSubProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/ReturnTypeSubProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/SerialVersionHashOperation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/SerialVersionSubProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/SimilarElement.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/SimilarElementsRequestor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/SuppressWarningsSubProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/SurroundWith.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/TypeMismatchSubProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/UnresolvedElementsSubProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/VarargsWarningsSubProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/AbstractMethodCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/AddArgumentCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/AddImportCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/AssignToVariableAssistProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/ChangeMethodSignatureProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/ConstructorFromSuperclassProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/CorrectMainTypeNameProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/CorrectPackageDeclarationProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/FixCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/GenerateForLoopAssistProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/LinkedCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/LinkedNamesAssistProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/MarkerResolutionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/MissingAnnotationAttributesProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/MissingReturnTypeCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/NewCUUsingWizardProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/NewDefiningMethodProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/NewMethodCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/NewVariableCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/RemoveDeclarationCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/RenameNodeCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/RenameRefactoringProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/ReplaceCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/TaskMarkerProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/correction/proposals/TypeChangeCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/folding/DefaultJavaFoldingPreferenceBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/folding/EmptyJavaFoldingPreferenceBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/folding/JavaFoldingStructureProviderRegistry.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/AbstractJavaCompletionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/AbstractTemplateCompletionProposalComputer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/AnonymousTypeCompletionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/CompletionProposalCategory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/CompletionProposalComputerDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/CompletionProposalComputerRegistry.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/ContentAssistComputerParameter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/ContentAssistHistory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/ContentAssistProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/GetterSetterCompletionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/HippieProposalComputer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/IReconcilingParticipant.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/JavaCodeScanner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/JavaCompletionProposalComputer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/JavaContentAssistHandler.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/JavaDoubleClickSelector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/JavaFormattingStrategy.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/JavaParameterListValidator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/JavaReconcilingStrategy.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/JavaTypeCompletionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/JavaTypeCompletionProposalComputer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/LazyGenericTypeProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/MethodDeclarationCompletionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/MethodProposalInfo.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/OverrideCompletionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/ParameterGuesser.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/ParameterGuessingProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/ProposalContextInformation.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/ProposalSorterRegistry.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/SWTTemplateCompletionProposalComputer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/SmartSemicolonAutoEditStrategy.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/TemplateCompletionProposalComputer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/AbstractAnnotationHover.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/AbstractJavaEditorTextHover.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/AnnotationExpandHover.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/AnnotationExpansionControl.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/BestMatchHover.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/JavaEditorTextHoverDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/JavaEditorTextHoverProxy.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/JavaExpandHover.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/JavaInformationProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/JavaSourceHover.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/JavadocHover.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/NLSStringHover.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/ProblemHover.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/java/hover/SourceViewerInformationControl.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/javadoc/HTMLTagCompletionProposalComputer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/javadoc/JavaDoc2HTMLTextReader.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/javadoc/JavaDocScanner.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/javadoc/JavadocContentAccess2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/javadoc/LegacyJavadocCompletionProposalComputer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/AddWordProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/CoreSpellingProblem.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/DefaultSpellingEngine.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/DisableSpellCheckingProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/JavaSpellingProblem.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/JavaSpellingReconcileStrategy.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/PropertiesFileSpellingEngine.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/SpellCheckEngine.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/SpellCheckIterator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/SpellingEngine.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/TaskTagDictionary.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/WordCompletionProposalComputer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/WordCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/WordIgnoreProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/WordQuickFixProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/engine/AbstractSpellDictionary.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/engine/DefaultPhoneticDistanceAlgorithm.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/engine/DefaultPhoneticHashProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/engine/DefaultSpellChecker.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/engine/RankedWordProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/spelling/engine/SpellEvent.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/template/contentassist/InclusivePositionUpdater.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/template/contentassist/MultiVariable.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/template/contentassist/MultiVariableGuess.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/template/contentassist/PositionBasedCompletionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/template/contentassist/SurroundWithTemplateProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/template/contentassist/TemplateEngine.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/template/contentassist/TemplateInformationControlCreator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/template/contentassist/TemplateProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/template/preferences/TemplateContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/template/preferences/TemplateVariableProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/text/template/preferences/TemplateVariableProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/AbstractHierarchyViewerSorter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/EnableMemberFilterAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/HierarchyInformationControl.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/HierarchyLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/HierarchyViewerSorter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/HistoryDropDownAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/HistoryListAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/MethodsContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/MethodsLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/MethodsViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/ShowInheritedMembersAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/ShowQualifiedTypeNamesAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/SortByDefiningTypeAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/TraditionalHierarchyViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/TypeHierarchyContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/TypeHierarchyLifeCycle.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/TypeHierarchyTransferDropAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/typehierarchy/TypeHierarchyViewPart.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/util/BusyIndicatorRunnableContext.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/util/CoreUtility.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/util/ElementValidator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/util/JavaUIHelp.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/util/JavadocHelpContext.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/util/MainMethodSearchEngine.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/util/SelectionUtil.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/util/StringMatcher.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/util/TableLayoutComposite.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/AppearanceAwareLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/ColoredViewersManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/ColoringLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/FilterUpdater.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/FilteredElementTreeSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/HistoryDropDownAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/HistoryListAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/ImageDescriptorRegistry.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/ImageDisposer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/ImageImageDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/ImagesOnFileSystemRegistry.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/JavaElementLabelComposer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/JavaUILabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/LabelProviderDisposer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/LinkedProposalModelPresenter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/ProblemMarkerManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/ProblemTableViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/ProblemTreeViewer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/ProjectTemplateStore.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/ResourceToItemsMapper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/SelectionListenerWithASTManager.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/SelectionProviderMediator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/StatusBarUpdater.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/StorageLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/TreeHierarchyLayoutProblemsDecorator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/viewsupport/ViewHistory.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/ClassPathDetector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/JavaProjectWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/NewAnnotationCreationWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/NewClassCreationWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/NewElementWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/NewEnumCreationWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/NewInterfaceCreationWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/NewJavaWorkingSetWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/NewPackageCreationWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/NewSourceFolderCreationWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/NewSourceFolderWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/NewTypeDropDownAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/OpenJavaProjectWizardToolbarAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/OpenPackageWizardToolbarAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/SuperInterfaceSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/TypedElementSelectionValidator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/AccessRuleEntryDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/AccessRulesDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/AccessRulesLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/AddSourceFolderWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/AddSourceFolderWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/BuildPathBasePage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/BuildPathSupport.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/BuildPathWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/BuildPathsBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/CPListElement.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/CPListElementSorter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/CPUserLibraryElement.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/CPVariableElementLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/ClasspathAttributeConfigurationDescriptors.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/ClasspathContainerDefaultPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/ClasspathContainerDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/ClasspathContainerSelectionPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/ClasspathContainerWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/ClasspathFixSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/ClasspathOrderingWorkbookPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/CreateMultipleSourceFoldersDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/EditFilterWizard.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/EditVariableEntryDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/ExclusionInclusionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/ExclusionInclusionEntryDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/ExternalAnnotationsAttachmentBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/ExternalAnnotationsAttachmentDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/FolderSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/JARFileSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/JavadocAttributeConfiguration.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/JavadocLocationDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/LibrariesWorkbookPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/MultipleFolderSelectionDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/NativeLibAttributeConfiguration.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/NativeLibrariesDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/NewContainerDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/NewVariableEntryDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/OutputLocationDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/ProjectsWorkbookPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/SetFilterWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/SourceAttachmentBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/SourceAttachmentDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/SourceContainerWorkbookPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/UserLibraryMarkerResolutionGenerator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/UserLibraryWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/VariableBlock.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/VariableCreationDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/VariablePathDialogField.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/AddArchiveToBuildpathAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/AddFolderToBuildpathAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/AddLibraryToBuildpathAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/AddSelectedLibraryToBuildpathAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/BuildpathModifierAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/ClasspathModifierDropDownAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/ClasspathModifierQueries.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/ConfigureBuildPathAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/CreateLinkedSourceFolderAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/CreateLinkedSourceFolderAction2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/CreateSourceFolderAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/CreateSourceFolderAction2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/DialogPackageExplorer.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/DialogPackageExplorerActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/EditFilterAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/EditOutputFolderAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/ExcludeFromBuildpathAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/GenerateBuildPathActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/HintTextGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/IncludeToBuildpathAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/NewSourceContainerWorkbookPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/RemoveFromBuildpathAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/ResetAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/ResetAllAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/buildpaths/newsourcepage/ResetAllOutputFoldersAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/dialogfields/CheckedListDialogField.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/dialogfields/ComboDialogField.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/dialogfields/DialogField.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/dialogfields/ListDialogField.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/dialogfields/SelectionButtonDialogField.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/dialogfields/SelectionButtonDialogFieldGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/dialogfields/StringButtonDialogField.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/dialogfields/StringButtonStatusDialogField.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/dialogfields/StringDialogField.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/dialogfields/TextBoxDialogField.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/wizards/dialogfields/TreeListDialogField.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/AbstractWorkingSetWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/ConfigureWorkingSetAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/ConfigureWorkingSetAssignementAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/EditorTracker.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/JavaWorkingSetElementAdapter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/JavaWorkingSetPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/JavaWorkingSetUpdater.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/OthersWorkingSetUpdater.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/RemoveWorkingSetElementAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/ViewAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/ViewActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/WorkingSetComparator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/WorkingSetConfigurationDialog.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/WorkingSetFilter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/WorkingSetFilterActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/WorkingSetModel.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/internal/ui/workingsets/WorkingSetShowActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/IJavaElementSearchConstants.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/ITypeHierarchyViewPart.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/JavaElementComparator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/JavaElementContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/JavaElementImageDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/JavaElementLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/JavaElementSorter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/JavaUI.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/JavadocContentAccess.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/OverrideIndicatorLabelDecorator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/PreferenceConstants.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/ProblemsLabelDecorator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/StandardJavaElementContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/AbstractOpenWizardAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/AddDelegateMethodsAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/AddGetterSetterAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/AddJavaDocStubAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/AddToClasspathAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/AddUnimplementedConstructorsAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/BuildActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/CCPActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ChangeTypeAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ConvertAnonymousToNestedAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ConvertLocalToFieldAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ConvertingSelectionProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/CustomFiltersActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/DeclarationsSearchGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ExternalizeStringsAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ExtractConstantAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ExtractMethodAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ExtractTempAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/FindBreakContinueTargetOccurrencesAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/FindExceptionOccurrencesAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/FindImplementOccurrencesAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/FindMethodExitOccurrencesAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/FindOccurrencesInFileAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/FindStringsToExternalizeAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/FormatAllAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/GenerateActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/GenerateHashCodeEqualsAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/GenerateNewConstructorUsingFieldsAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/GenerateToStringAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/IJavaEditorActionDefinitionIds.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ImplementorsSearchGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ImportActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/InlineTempAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/IntroduceFactoryAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/IntroduceIndirectionAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/IntroduceParameterAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/JdtActionConstants.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/MemberFilterActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/MoveAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/NavigateActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OccurrencesSearchGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenAttachedJavadocAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenEditorActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenExternalJavadocAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenNewAnnotationWizardAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenNewClassWizardAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenNewEnumWizardAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenNewInterfaceWizardAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenNewJavaProjectWizardAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenNewPackageWizardAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenNewSourceFolderWizardAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenProjectAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenSuperImplementationAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenTypeHierarchyAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OpenViewActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OrganizeImportsAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/OverrideMethodsAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ProjectActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/PullUpAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/PushDownAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ReadReferencesSearchGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/RefactorActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ReferencesSearchGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/RefreshAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/RemoveFromClasspathAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ReplaceInvocationsAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/SelectionDispatchAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/SelfEncapsulateFieldAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ShowActionGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ShowInNavigatorViewAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/ShowInPackageViewAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/SortMembersAction.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/actions/WriteReferencesSearchGroup.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/cleanup/CleanUpOptions.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/jarpackager/JarPackageData.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/jarpackager/JarWriter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/jarpackager/JarWriter2.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/jarpackager/JarWriter3.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/refactoring/RefactoringSaveHelper.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/refactoring/RenameSupport.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/text/IJavaColorConstants.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/text/JavaSourceViewerConfiguration.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/text/JavaTextTools.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/text/folding/DefaultJavaFoldingStructureProvider.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/text/java/AbstractProposalSorter.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/text/java/CompletionProposalCollector.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/text/java/CompletionProposalComparator.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/text/java/IJavadocCompletionProcessor.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/text/java/correction/ASTRewriteCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/text/java/correction/CUCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/text/java/correction/ChangeCorrectionProposal.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/wizards/BuildPathDialogAccess.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/wizards/JavaCapabilityConfigurationPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/wizards/NewAnnotationWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/wizards/NewClassWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/wizards/NewContainerWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/wizards/NewEnumWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/wizards/NewInterfaceWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/wizards/NewJavaProjectWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/wizards/NewJavaProjectWizardPageOne.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/wizards/NewJavaProjectWizardPageTwo.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/wizards/NewPackageWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.jdt.ui/ui/org/eclipse/jdt/ui/wizards/NewTypeWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/.classpath
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/pom.xml
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/RefactoringContextTest.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/history/MockRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/history/MockRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/history/MockRefactoringDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/history/RefactoringHistorySerializationTests.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/history/RefactoringHistoryServiceTests.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/participants/CancelingParticipantTests.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/participants/ElementRenameProcessor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/participants/FailingParticipant.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/participants/FailingParticipant2.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/participants/FailingParticipantTests.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/participants/SharedTextChangeTests.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/participants/WorkingParticipant.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/participants/WorkingParticipantPre.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/resource/ResourceRefactoringTests.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/resource/ResourceRefactoringUndoTests.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/tests/util/SimpleTestProject.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/.classpath
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/pom.xml
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/Change.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/CheckConditionsOperation.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/CompositeChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/CreateChangeOperation.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/DocumentChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/FileStatusContext.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/GroupCategory.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/GroupCategorySet.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/IUndoManager.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/MultiStateTextFileChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/NullChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/PerformChangeOperation.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/PerformRefactoringHistoryOperation.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/PerformRefactoringOperation.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/Refactoring.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/RefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/RefactoringCore.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/RefactoringDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/RefactoringDescriptorProxy.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/RefactoringStatus.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/RefactoringStatusContext.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/RefactoringStatusEntry.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/TextChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/TextEditBasedChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/TextFileChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/UndoManagerAdapter.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/UndoTextFileChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/model/AbstractRefactoringDescriptorResourceMapping.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/model/AbstractRefactoringHistoryResourceMapping.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/CheckConditionsContext.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/CopyArguments.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/CopyParticipant.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/CopyRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/CreateArguments.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/CreateParticipant.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/DeleteArguments.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/DeleteParticipant.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/DeleteRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/MoveArguments.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/MoveParticipant.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/MoveRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/ParticipantExtensionPoint.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/ProcessorBasedRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/RefactoringArguments.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/RenameArguments.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/RenameParticipant.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/RenameRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/ReorgExecutionLog.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/ResourceChangeChecker.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/SharableParticipants.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/participants/ValidateEditChecker.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/resource/DeleteResourceChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/resource/DeleteResourcesDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/resource/MoveResourceChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/resource/MoveResourcesDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/resource/RenameResourceChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/resource/RenameResourceDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/core/refactoring/resource/ResourceChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/BufferValidationState.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/ContentStamps.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/MultiStateUndoChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/NonDeletingPositionUpdater.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/NotCancelableProgressMonitor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/ParticipantDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/RefactoringCorePlugin.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/RefactoringSessionReader.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/RefactoringSessionTransformer.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/RefactoringUndoContext.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/Resources.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/UndoDocumentChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/UndoManager2.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/UndoableOperation2ChangeAdapter.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/history/DefaultRefactoringDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/history/DefaultRefactoringDescriptorProxy.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/history/RefactoringContributionManager.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/history/RefactoringDescriptorChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/history/RefactoringDescriptorProxyAdapter.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryImplementation.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryManager.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistorySerializer.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryService.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/history/UnknownRefactoringDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/DeleteResourcesProcessor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/DeleteResourcesRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/MoveResourcesProcessor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/MoveResourcesRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/RenameResourceProcessor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/RenameResourceRefactoringContribution.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/ResourceModifications.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/ResourceProcessors.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/UndoDeleteResourceChange.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/undostates/AbstractResourceUndoState.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/undostates/ContainerUndoState.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/undostates/FileUndoState.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/undostates/FolderUndoState.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/undostates/MarkerUndoState.java
org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/core/refactoring/resource/undostates/ProjectUndoState.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/.classpath
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/pom.xml
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/examples/DeleteResourcesRefactoringAction.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/examples/ExampleRefactoring.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/examples/ExampleRefactoringAction.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/examples/ExampleRefactoringConfigurationPage.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/examples/ExampleRefactoringWizard.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/examples/MoveResourcesRefactoringAction.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.tests/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/examples/RenameResourceRefactoringAction.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/.classpath
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.launching.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.prefs
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/build.properties
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/pom.xml
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/AbstractChangeNode.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/ChangeElementContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/ChangeElementLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/ChangeElementTreeViewer.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/ChangeExceptionHandler.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/ChangePreviewViewerDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/CompositeChangeNode.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/DefaultChangeNode.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/DescriptorManager.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/ErrorWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/FileStatusContextViewer.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/InternalLanguageElementNode.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/InternalTextEditChangeNode.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/NotCancelableProgressMonitor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/PreviewNode.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/PreviewWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/RefactoringHistoryPreviewPage.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/RefactoringLocationControl.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/RefactoringPluginImages.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/RefactoringStatusContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/RefactoringStatusDialog.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/RefactoringStatusEntryLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/RefactoringStatusViewer.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/RefactoringUIPlugin.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/RefactoringWizardDialog.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/RefactoringWizardDialog2.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/StatusContextViewerDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/TextEditChangePreviewViewer.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/TextEditGroupNode.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/UIPerformChangeOperation.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/UIQueryFactory.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/UndoManagerAction.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/ValidationCheckResultQuery.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/WorkbenchRunnableAdapter.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/actions/AbstractResourcesHandler.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/actions/AcceptRefactoringsAction.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/actions/DeleteResourcesHandler.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/actions/MoveResourcesHandler.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/actions/RejectRefactoringsAction.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/actions/RenameResourceHandler.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/BrowseRefactoringHistoryContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/BrowseRefactoringHistoryLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/BrowseRefactoringHistoryViewerSorter.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/EditRefactoringDetailsDialog.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringDescriptorDeleteQuery.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringDescriptorImageDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryCollection.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryControl.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryDate.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryEditHelper.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryEntry.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryErrorPage.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryNode.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryOverviewPage.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryProject.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringImageDescriptor.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringPropertyPage.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringPropertyPageTester.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/ShowRefactoringHistoryControl.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/history/SortableRefactoringHistoryControl.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/model/RefactoringDescriptorCompareInput.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/model/RefactoringDescriptorCompareViewer.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/model/RefactoringDescriptorCompareViewerCreator.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/model/RefactoringDescriptorDiff.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/model/RefactoringDescriptorSynchronizationProxy.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/model/RefactoringDescriptorViewer.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/model/RefactoringHistoryDiff.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/model/RefactoringHistoryMergeWizard.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/model/RefactoringHistoryMerger.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/model/RefactoringIndexMerger.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/model/RefactoringModelAdapterFactory.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/scripting/ApplyRefactoringScriptWizard.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/scripting/ApplyRefactoringScriptWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/scripting/CreateRefactoringScriptWizard.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/scripting/CreateRefactoringScriptWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/scripting/RefactoringScriptLocationControl.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/scripting/ShowRefactoringHistoryWizard.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/scripting/ShowRefactoringHistoryWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/internal/ui/refactoring/util/SWTUtil.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/LanguageElementNode.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/RedoRefactoringAction.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/RefactoringUI.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/RefactoringWizard.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/RefactoringWizardOpenOperation.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/RefactoringWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/TextEditChangeNode.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/TextStatusContextViewer.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/UndoRefactoringAction.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/UserInputWizardPage.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/actions/ApplyRefactoringScriptAction.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/actions/CreateRefactoringScriptAction.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/actions/ShowRefactoringHistoryAction.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/history/RefactoringHistoryWizard.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/model/AbstractResourceMappingMerger.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/model/AbstractSynchronizationCompareAdapter.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/model/AbstractSynchronizationContentProvider.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/model/AbstractSynchronizationLabelProvider.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/model/RefactoringSynchronizationActionProvider.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/resource/DeleteResourcesWizard.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/resource/MoveResourcesWizard.java
org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring/src/org/eclipse/ltk/ui/refactoring/resource/RenameResourceWizard.java
