platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Button.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/CoolItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Spinner.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Table.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ScrollBar.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TableColumn.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/List.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/CCombo.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/MenuItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/DateTime.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TabFolder.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Link.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/TableTree.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TreeColumn.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ToolItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Scale.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/TableCursor.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Combo.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Tree.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/CTabFolder.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ToolTip.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Sash.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TrayItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Slider.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/StyledText.java
