platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TaskItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Control.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Display.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/Color.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Tracker.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Printing/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/printing/Printer.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/Image.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ToolTip.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Scale.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ToolBar.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/win32/org/eclipse/swt/internal/win32/OS.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Printing/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/printing/Printer.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/Color.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/internal/gtk/OS.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/List.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ScrollBar.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ScrollBar.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Browser/common/org/eclipse/swt/browser/BrowserFunction.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Display.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/emulated/tooltip/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ToolTip.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/OS.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/Device.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Widget.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Control.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Scale.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/Device.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/Image.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Widget.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/Font.java
