platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Label.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Control.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Display.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Table.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TreeColumn.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Tree.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Group.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Slider.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TableColumn.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Composite.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Shell.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TabFolder.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ScrollBar.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/List.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ToolItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Combo.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Spinner.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/MenuItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Button.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Scale.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TrayItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Menu.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TabItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Widget.java
