platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSSlider.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSTableColumn.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSWindow.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Display.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSEvent.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/SFCertificatePanel.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSTextTab.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSScreen.java
platform/swt/examples/org/eclipse/swt/examples/src/org/eclipse/swt/examples/controlexample/ProgressBarTab.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSSavePanel.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Printing/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/printing/Printer.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSColor.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSComboBox.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSPanel.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSTypesetter.java
platform/swt/tests/org/eclipse/swt/tests/JUnit Tests/org/eclipse/swt/tests/junit/Test_org_eclipse_swt_widgets_Text.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSStatusBar.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Decorations.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSScroller.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSFont.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSBox.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/tools/Mac Generation/org/eclipse/swt/tools/internal/MacGenerator.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSFontPanel.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/common/org/eclipse/swt/events/SegmentListener.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSColorPanel.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/common/org/eclipse/swt/events/SegmentEvent.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSOpenPanel.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSOutlineView.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/OS.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSTableView.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/SFCertificateTrustPanel.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/common/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TypedListener.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSBezierPath.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSLayoutManager.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSNumber.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
