bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/IME.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/internal/gtk/OS.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Combo.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Combo.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Combo.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Combo.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Combo.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Combo.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Spinner.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Spinner.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Widget.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Widget.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/StyledText.java
