platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Spinner.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TaskItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Combo.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Link.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Display.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/Pattern.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Table.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/Image.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/OS.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ToolItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/DateTime.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSColor.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/Cursor.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Control.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT PI/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/internal/cocoa/NSColorSpace.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Group.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ColorDialog.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Tree.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/GC.java
