bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/CTabFolder.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/CTabFolder.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/CTabFolder.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/CTabFolder.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Control.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Control.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/common_j2se/org/eclipse/swt/internal/Compatibility.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/TextLayout.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT OLE Win32/win32/org/eclipse/swt/ole/win32/OleAutomation.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Browser/common/org/eclipse/swt/browser/Browser.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Browser/common/org/eclipse/swt/browser/Browser.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Browser/common/org/eclipse/swt/browser/Browser.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/CTabFolderRenderer.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/CTabFolderRenderer.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/common_j2me/org/eclipse/swt/internal/Compatibility.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/common_j2me/org/eclipse/swt/internal/Compatibility.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Composite.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Composite.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/StyledText.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/StyledText.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/StyledText.java
bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/StyledText.java
