platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Accessibility/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/accessibility/AccessibleFactory.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Control.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/browser/ExternalFactory.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Tree.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ExpandItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TabFolder.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Slider.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/browser/PromptFactory.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ScrollBar.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ToolItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Combo.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/browser/PromptService2Factory.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ToolItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Combo.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/browser/HelperAppLauncherDialogFactory.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Accessibility/common/org/eclipse/swt/accessibility/AccessibleAttributeAdapter.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/motif/org/eclipse/swt/browser/MozillaDelegate.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Accessibility/win32/org/eclipse/swt/accessibility/Accessible.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/graphics/Device.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/nsIEmbeddingSiteWindow.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/nsIPrincipal.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/XPCOM.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Menu.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Label.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/motif/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Control.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Display.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/BidiSegmentListener.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/browser/FilePickerFactory.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/nsIBaseWindow.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/win32/org/eclipse/swt/browser/MozillaDelegate.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/browser/MozillaDelegate.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Shell.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/browser/PromptAuth2.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/browser/MozillaDelegate.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/browser/HelperAppLauncherDialog_1_9.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/nsIScriptSecurityManager.java
