platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/nsIDOMWindow.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Control.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Table.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Tree.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Table.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/browser/FilePicker_17.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ExpandItem.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/nsIDOMElement.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/TabFolder.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Slider.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Text.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ToolBar.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/carbon/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Control.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ScrollBar.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/ToolItem.java
platform/swt/tests/org/eclipse/swt/tests/JUnit Tests/org/eclipse/swt/tests/junit/SwtTestCase.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/common/org/eclipse/swt/events/SegmentListener.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/nsIXPConnect.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Combo.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Combo.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Accessibility/win32/org/eclipse/swt/accessibility/Accessible.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/photon/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Control.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/cocoa/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Control.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/nsIEmbeddingSiteWindow.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/nsIPrincipal.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/browser/FilePicker.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/XPCOM.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Menu.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/motif/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Control.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/gtk/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Display.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/nsILocalFile.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Custom Widgets/common/org/eclipse/swt/custom/BidiSegmentListener.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Group.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/win32/org/eclipse/swt/widgets/Composite.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/nsIDOMMouseEvent.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT/common/org/eclipse/swt/layout/RowLayout.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/nsIFilePicker.java
platform/swt/bundles/org/eclipse/swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla/nsIBaseWindow.java
